(doc) Add release notes for CLI, CLE and Agent (#1125)
chocolatey/docs: src/content/docs/en-us/agent/release-notes.mdx

<ChocolateyComponentDependenciesLink />

## 2.2.2 (January 29, 2025) \{#v2.2.2}

### Bug Fix

> - [Security] Fix - Prevent usage an option when running in Self-Service mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Security] Fix - Prevent use of an option when running in Self-Service mode.
```

> - [Security] Fix - Prevent usage of options when running in Self-Service mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Security] Fix - Prevent use of options when running in Self-Service mode.
```

  - See the [documentation](https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/features/self-service-anywhere#background-service-restricted-options).

## 1.1.5 (January 29, 2025) \{#v1.1.5}

### Bug Fix

> - [Security] Fix - Prevent usage an option when running in Self-Service mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Security] Fix - Prevent use of an option when running in Self-Service mode.
```
